you are watching time for change TV with
James Alexander on my relationship with
tipper since I've been on this job in
the ch insist on going barefoot you know
it's it's it's actually very hard to be
stiff when your wife is going barefoot
it just completely messes up my image
I'm a lot more comfortable with the idea
of rolling up my sleeves and making the
system work then I am with the
campaigning young you go out and say
please vote for me vote for me
different contexts like that
he's the guy oh yeah yeah yeah he's
that's the guy who's been standing
motionless on the stage behind the
president for Haiti here's what the hell
makes you think he could could be
President
a little more reserved than most men a
lot of people I know in politics and but
trying to break through that that's
probably the most frustrating
now well it's not particularly profound
not getting enough sleep
meeting people talking with people I
love all of you in court
right
I'll pay for this
no one can leave the room that's not
we've got two highly recommended movies
a straight story and shall we dance we
have to I remember getting a letter from
one of my best friends and in Carthage
and he and I both liked football over
the same age
really close friends really smart guy
really good guy and I remember reading a
letter from him and it wasn't a big deal
but he couldn't spell and he couldn't
use grammar and it didn't you know I
could care less in the sense that you
know he's my close friend and you know
no big deal but all of a sudden it hit
me that when he went out looking for for
a career looking for good jobs he was he
was really gonna get penalized for that
there were times when it broke my heart
because I saw really fine minds not
given the opportunity to reach their
potential but America is supposed to
work for that person that is what
America is all about
you ought to be able to rise on your
merit it sounds a little corny but it
shouldn't I mean why shouldn't why can't
we do that we can now do you want me to
get up and cook breakfast for you
please visit w-w-w dot
- change.org UK